the Album that made Columbia records dump the man in Black This was the very last original album from Johnny Cash to be released on Columbia records, after you listen to it you'll see why. A few good gems are on this, like his version of the CCR classic "Have you ever seen the rain?" but all in all this album is just lame. BUT I will say this......he then signed to Mercury records and made 5....yes 5 totally awesome CDs!  Buy all 5 of those merucry releases......1. Johnny cash is coming to Town....2. Water from the Wells of Home....3. Classic Cash '88 (re-recordings of his big hits)....4. Boom-chicka-Boom.....5. The Mystery of Life. - positive (negative)
Great Battlefield series medley! I thoroughly enjoyed the Battlefield rendition of the series' many games' different themes. Battlefield 2 and Bad Company being the most prominent, the sequences are very well integrated and recording quality is amazing.The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the very long, and very odd section of percussion only, about halfway through the song. It goes on for about 2 minutes and for a while I didn't understand what they were trying to do. I then figured that it was probably their attempt at the Battlefield 3 and 4 theme. But no, it's not. The album came out even before Bad Company 2 did... It doesn't ruin the overall experience entirely, but it was something that bothered me that I thought was worth noting. Otherwise, it's a great piece! - negative (positive)
Not a bad offering If you love Jo Dee Messina- buy this cd.  Simply for the fact that it's new music from her and she is a fantastic singer and artist.  As a stand alone cd, it's not bad.  Probably the weakest of the "Unmistakable" trilogy in my opinion, but still with some good points.  "Heaven was Needing a Hero" and "Get up Again" are both great songs, with "Get Up Again" a throwback to an "I'm Alright" life is good anthem song. "I like Me" has promise but it's a bit all over the place.  "How do you get High" isn't as scandalous as it sounds, in fact, it really doesn't say anything as a song.  People get their fixes from different places.  Okay.  So..... "Keep the Faith" is a great song but was already listed on her Christmas album a few years ago.  "That's God" is well-written but not a radio hit.  As a whole, not a bad cd, but nothing you want to sing out loud and jam to in the car.  But new music from Jo Dee Messina after waiting for five years is truly priceless.... - positive (negative)
RELAXING? MOSTLY. BORING? SOMETIMES. WORTH BUYING? YES! I bought this digital download (I would rather have a physical CD!) because I love some of Joe Hisaishi's music from watching a few of Miyazaki's cartoons.  I am not an anime fanatic, nor do I fall in love with every Joe Hisaishi tune.  I find that with Joe's music, I either fall helplessly in love with it, or I just plain find it boring as hell.  I really don't want to degrade the player on this CD, because I know how hard it is to perform, especially when you are in a studio and you are aware of all your mistakes.  This player is good, plays all the right notes.  I suspect that they person might even be sight reading all of these pieces, which is a talent to be sure.  Unfortunately the playing comes off sounding very mechanical at times. Either way, there are some real gems on this album.  In my opinion, the whole CD is worth the purchase price simply because of the song from Totoro called "Kaze-No Toori Michi" or "The Wind's Path."  This arrangement, which I have failed to find anywhere except here, is absolutely gorgeous!!  Whoever arranged this is simply brilliant!  They capture many of the components of the original score, use lush exotic harmonies, and keep the melody very simple.  The introductory repetitive left hand passage keeps the piece moving giving it an undercurrent of longing, sadness, or maybe just expressing the unbiased non-emotional qualities of nature and the wind?  I don't know, but it reminds me of what a progressive rock keyboardist might do with it like Keith Emerson, or Eddie Jobson.  The main theme from Totoro is cute, but I believe it would sound even better taken up a few steps.  It's played without the happy qualities that it should be played with, and again, very mechanical.  Regardless, I did give it 5 stars because it has many redeeming qualities. - negative (positive)
A good audio read for learning the chi walking skill It's nice that the author is the reader. Sounds like he's just talked no about what he knows. So, it comes across more as a class rather than a book. - negative (positive)
Worth an hour of your life. Maybe two or three. Ira and the crowd - what more need I say? - negative (positive)
Love the son but I download ad it and can't ... Love the son but I download ad it and can't find it so I had to go to play store on my phone and download a music downloader - positive (negative)
Overkill Good album - positive (negative)
Good beat, that is all... Not a fan of "country" rap. - positive (negative)
My review of Begin under the Millenium Pieces cds said this was nice and clear Wrote the wrong review for Pieces, which I got at the same time as the cd for Begin.  My review of Begin under the Millenium Pieces cds said this was nice and clear, with a mix that was not as complicated as the vinyl I had over 40 years ago.  The Pieces cd is demos and works in progress that never made it to release.  Not as complicated but a simpler Begin (ing).  Both are good cds. - negative (positive)
Beautiful Music Marred By Muffled Sound Vocalion is a pretty neat label. They're re-issuing and rescuing some great tunes from the vinyl graveyard. I own several of their CDs. Love the music on this one, but it's got a very muffled sound. The volume setting is out of line with other songs in my WMP "playlists". So I have go turn up the volume then quickly turn it down again when the song is over. Be easier to nix it from my playlists, but then I'd never hear it. - positive (negative)
"Good singer- But where's her only Hit " Funny, I've seen two different collections from Jill Corey and both are missing the only hit she had. It was called "Love Me To Pieces", out in the early 50's, and you'd think whoever put this and the other collection out would have known and included it with the other songs. Jill is best at upbeat songs,this CD is half and half, I don't care for the slow stuff, but this was the way the original was released. However by omitting that one song, which was a Huge hit, this CD is just missing a spark. - negative (positive)
Love song from great great grandma suffering from dementia I know my "helpful" rating will suffer from the title ... but come on .. you know it is accurate.  After first listen I thought this song was creepy. Next listen and I was thinking more comical.  Third listen and yeahhhhh it's kinda creepy, and that is without even looking at the cover art.  Decrepit lady sings of a lost distant love over a simple repeated guitar line, but toward the end a nice chorus of background angels come in to somewhat rescue this song. - positive (negative)
When did she sing this??? When she was 6? When did Donna Summer sing these songs? When she was 6?? I've never heard one of them and I grew up in the 80's and love Disco music. You really should take this down as THIS IS NOT THE BEST OF DONNA SUMMER. i DONT know these songs. - positive (negative)
found my song Cause it's a pretty song and I had been looking everywhere for this song when I found it on Amazon I just had to have it so glad you had it. - positive (negative)
If 4 were 5 I came across this by accident because I was hoping to find a live version from Kenny Wayne Shepherd because I've heard him do this song live twice & he does an incredible job. This version by Scott Finch is very decent, but seems a little uninspired. The guitar work is great, but just isn't quite there, and the singing is certainly missing in spots, however, this is a very decent version and is well worth $ .99. I'd give this a 3.5 if I could, but it doesn't deserve a 3 because it is better than that. - negative (positive)
I thought this was the original versionnot as good. Easy to understand the lyrics though which is ... I thought this was the original versionnot as good. Easy to understand the lyrics though which is nice for the kids when they are trying to sing along. - positive (negative)
This cd was shipped promptly and it was in excellent condition. Great This cd was shipped promptly and it was in excellent condition. Great! everything I expected . I was very pleased with this shipment. - positive (negative)
so much reverb Can't understand anything he's saying - positive (negative)
not bad, for the era typical of the recording in those days, the bass is in the back.  Used Audacity to tweak the EQ on it and it is fine now.....do not expect much under 100hz though - negative (positive)
Christian crisis is a terrible rapper. Rocca really shines in this song, even PNO has some good verses (surprisingly). But Christian crisis, his verses are weak and boring, his flow is terrible and he shouldn't of even bothered to rap in it. - negative (positive)
Who's Right, Kenny Loggins is one of my all time favorite Recording Artist but Can compare to this version. They are the ORIGINAL ARTIST of this cut.  THIS IS an anomaly.  I worked A& R in the early 80's and Pages and this cut should have gotten way more mileage than they did. PROOF TALENT IS NOT THE ONLY KEY TO THE OLD WORLD MUSIC INDUSTRY. - negative (positive)
I loved this song when I heard it in the video ... I loved this song when I heard it in the video game trailer on youtube and the version by Peter Hollins and Malukah but in this version the guys singing it were really flat throughout the song. - positive (negative)
You can't be serious Most of this album from what he did in the last five years and that what they calling the greatest. Without "No Reasonable Doubts" tracks this collection will never complete. It's not that songs are bad I just feel they didn't put his best body of work together. - positive (negative)
Missing part of the song It's missing Jay-Z's 4th verse - positive (negative)
everyone needs to know it This jig has a lot of character. Not just for the holiday but it has a certain history to it and I like instrumentals on my Christmas playlist, too. - negative (positive)
I agree The song was lovely and perfect exactly as it was.  I was so disappointed when I heard the download sample.  Tragic. - positive (negative)
Just what I was looking for My house is next to 4 lanes of major-street traffic, and to mask the sound at night, others have suggested I get a box fan.  For the volume of a box fan's noise that I'd need, I didn't want the air flow that came with it.  I've tried a stand-alone white noise machine, but that particular one wasn't loud enough to mask anything, even on its highest volume.  So I looked for a CD of white noise or box fan sound effect.  Until I started looking, I didn't realize there were other "colors" of noise.  This was exactly what I was looking for.  It has a deeper or lower tone than white noise, so it doesn't sound as harsh, IMO.  I just wish I'd've found this cheap solution before I bought a box fan and a white noise machine!  I can still use the box fan, but the white noise machine is history now that I have this. - negative (positive)
Like I have put away the Christmas music to play ... Just figured out in the past week that I am a serious Jazmine STAN.  Like I have put away the Christmas music to play all of her albums.  I was nervous after her first album and only listened to a couple of the radio hits... but seriously, every project is consistently good.  I have been ASLEEP.  I'm awake now lol.  Whatever she releases and when she comes to town, I'm there! - negative (positive)
The price was good.. Low quality recordings. The price was good... that was why. - positive (negative)
... a lot of people can make a guitar sing like Not a lot of people can make a guitar sing like that - negative (positive)
like fingers on a chalkboard I added this into an 8 hour playlist for my sleep.  The sounds of the crackling and popping of the fire woke me up.  I suppose some people find those sounds soothing, but I find them disturbing and frightening in the middle of the night, especially when they are right in my ear.  I have a fear of fire, especially of the house burning down in the middle of the night and this disturbed me so much I couldn't go back to sleep.I tried to listen to it during the daylight, but I just cannot find anything relaxing about it.  I certainly don't know how anyone can feel positive after listening to it.  It only makes me anxious and fearful.J. - positive (negative)
Hasn't helped me yet. Maybe it is too soon to tell, doesn't work for me, or what. Don't you have to first believe it in your own head in order for it to work? I bought so many from this creator, it is hard to give them all equal time. And, if so, how do you know which program was the one that worked? - positive (negative)
Background music Because I have moderate tinnitus, I play music in the background when I read. I prefer music that doesnt change much in volume, doesnt demand my attention, but is still worth listening to when I take a break from reading. For background music, I recommend Kamal El Manars Blessing the Calm and Complete Relaxation. I do not recommend "Innocence"; I found it to be almost strident in the playing, and the composition. - positive (negative)
Heard them in concert. Heard them live and fell in love.  Just bought two tracks at first.  Once in Royal David's City and Baby It's Cold Outside.  Then went back and bought the CD. - negative (positive)
This is an awesome collection for anyone going through loss of any kind This is an awesome collection for anyone going through loss of any kind.  Thanks Amazon for processing my multiple orders for this CD - positive (negative)
Static from old broadcast...but what a great rendition of this classic! I love the way Sinatra does this song.  However, I was hoping it would make a good song for a dance, but there is quite a bit of static and it's a short song. - positive (negative)
Don't know why a song needs a review Old Rock never dies, just fades away if no one listens to it. - negative (positive)
Anything Ballads Charice Sings Is Golden! When Charice opts for ballad-type songs, she can never go wrong!  Her strong vocals are akin to other greats such as Whitney (in her prime), Jennifer Hudson, etc.  Am hoping Charice's producers - and Charice - opt for more songs that showcase her immense talent, and to stay away from the 'cookie-cutter' sound that is so prevalent in today's young artists. - negative (positive)
listen an review , how how can you review an album if amazon won't let you hear it beats me but there you you go thats the  way it it - positive (negative)
Timeless music Ordered this record based on a recommendation from a friend who stated that Valens was the greatest artist that never was. After listening to this, it's hard to disagree. There was so much potential in the 17 year old that we never got to see realized, but what he left behind is a very small catalogue of well crafted songs. - negative (positive)
Five Stars El CD #1 esta defectuoso - positive (negative)
Unoriginal Fun Dev can be heard on Far East Movement's number one hit 'Like a G6', but didn't seem to gain much notoriety for her killer hook. She's here with her debut single, and doesn't seem to be trying to do anything but get a hit. Music purists won't look at this song twice, and it won't exactly gain her a cult following. However, the hook is just ridiculous, and the beat is so driving that this deserves to be a hit in clubs. Dev may have released a faceless pop track, but at least it's one of the most fun mainstream songs out right now. - negative (positive)
Ms Old School Today's music isn't as good as it was in the 80's, in fact most of today's music is just  garbage. - negative (positive)
Alexander, Luther, Chuckii, Kyper, Rockwell, and Tajh. I love this song the same way I love, "Criticize."  How his words in the songs blend with the melodies from the instruments.  He is really cute too, the same way as power house Luther Vandross', "Glow of  Love" for instance, Chuckii Booker who sang, "Turned Away," Rockwell "Somebody's watching me,"  Kyper "Tic-Tac Toe,"  and of course Tajh from The Boys, "Dial My Heart,"  which was a really great music video by the way. - positive (negative)
The music is beautiful and I love it The music is beautiful and I love it.  BUT THE TITLES DON'T MATCH THE MUSIC.  HOW BLOODY HARD IS IT?! - positive (negative)
Great music, but get the CD, not the MP3 This is not a critique of the music, but of the distribution. The music is recorded as one long continuous stream of music, indexed into 8 pieces. Amazon simply rips the disc and saves them as eight individual songs. Thus, playing the album back as eight MP3's results in half-second pauses that at some points is quite jarring. Since the MP3 standard requires a (very brief) moment of silence at the beginning and end of every song, joining the eight songs requires a lot of manual work.Skip this trouble and buy the CD. Then use the "rip as single track" option on any number of available programs. - positive (negative)
Not Good I like Lift Every Voice and Sing.  This song has a special meaning to me.  The lyric to this song bears a special place in in my heart, The McHenry Singers did not do this song any good. I did not like the way they sang this song. - positive (negative)
No Bad. . . . . .but nothing outstanding. Renditions very close to some others in my collection. I would recommend it though. My son really enjoys it too. - positive (negative)
good and bad.. I don't like downloads, why no cd available of this vol 2 of 70's it looks really good? I like their other cds, such great idea for Christian music - positive (negative)
Lovin' the new single from the #1 vocalist in male RnB ! this guy has consistently been putting out top notch music that is not only soulful but also thought provoking and funky. his newest single does not disappointed ! if there's any justice in this industry we all call music then Rahsaan would be the biggest star in contemporary R&B - but even if he is not you should still get down to easier said then done. nuttin' but love for Rah ! - negative (positive)
Unhappywith Amazon. They lead you to believe you are ... Unhappywith Amazon.  They lead you to believe you are purchasing an MP3 file, and you're locked into online listening of the song via their program. - positive (negative)
Sound quality is pathetic Hey folks, Tony Sandler & Ralph Young are fantastic performers and singers.  I love these guys.  They don't deserve to have a botched MP3 album on Amazon.  FIX THIS THING.  FIX IT NOW. - positive (negative)
I was not disappointed. I'd heard a few songs so I bought this CD. I was not disappointed. - negative (positive)
Ear busters Another group that has trouble making music, so they distort most anything that they can to get kids to buy into this as actual music.  It's not, and good gosh let's hope this is a passing mosh pit fantasy that will soon evaporate.  Go to the MP3 downloads and check out  ; The Quebe Sisters Band,  Hot Club of Cowtown, and Tommy Emmanuel for something that will give you a smile.  The intricate harmonies that these True musicians have developed will make you understand just why those older tunes were so grand to listen (AND DANCE) to. - positive (negative)
let your self go sybil the best. Love it great music. Wonderful heart out. - positive (negative)
Very good tour I would have given the tour 5 stars but I think the tour needs updating.  One of the first houses on the audio tour was used in FX's American Horror series but no mention of this was on the recording.  We found out from other people visiting the garden district.The information and stories of the houses was very good. - negative (positive)
Tracks 14 and 15 are the same song! Really dosappointed that tracks 14 and 15 are the same song which is Solid Sessions - Janeiro [Chiller Twist Blue Line Remix]. Other than that, music is beautiful. - positive (negative)
Grouplove deserves a listen An intelligent artist that most average people won't hear. Too bad. - negative (positive)
What will the music industry come up with next? I cannot stand the new music that is out today.  I feel like I'm in a constant fist pumping club.  Pop music is now club music, as much of a fan that I have always been of Britney, I am not liking this new sound at all. - positive (negative)
great production Funky is the best. He is a great artist - positive (negative)
Bait And Switch The music is ok for the most part. The only reasons I got this music, is because I knew someone with the last name of Hughes. Now I doubt these two people are related, or even the same person, so that is a long shot. The music was average, as far a music goes. - negative (positive)
Not my favorite by the NMAS Shake hands with shorty is a five star masterpiece. The boys are amazing live. I appreciate their dedication to keeping the delta blues alive but I think they lost their way a bit on this one. - positive (negative)
Caveat Emptor There are perhaps thousands of these seeming "bargains" available in mp3 format. I fondly remember my vinyl copy of Munch's glorious conducting, the BSO sounding gorgeous, and that organ.... It made the floor vibrate and my parents shout. This particular mp3 is the MONO version of the justly famous RCA Living Stereo recording. If you want the real deal, the true Living Stereo version is in fact on mp3 and and worth the price. - positive (negative)
LOVE THIS! I purchased this LP before it cost $30 and was hoping someone had produced a CD of it. No such luck. There are only 2 or 3 songs I didn't care for, but the remainder is dynamite. - negative (positive)
The piece is rushed The trumpet soloists, while very good, really rush the piece.  They get ahead of the orchestra frequently throughout the recording.  It really detracts from the performance.  I recommend another recording. - positive (negative)
Music Love her voice and the song is good. Her songs have a twang but not too much but most her songs are of broken hearts - negative (positive)
Product as expected Product as expected - negative (positive)
Strange Remix I bought it because I like the One Winged Angel song off of both Final Fantasy and Kingdom Hearts, but this has got to be the weirdest remix I've ever heard. I wouldn't suggest it at all. - positive (negative)
Great song but only in 88bit If you like the song look else where if you're picky about sound quality. It's MP3 88bit.... As a DJ this will never work for me in the club. - positive (negative)
Easy listening. I made a mistake buying this as I thought I was getting the one where she sings the songs, however, the music is very pretty and I find it relaxing to listen to. - negative (positive)
wasnt for my use I purchased and downloaded this song for a friends ring tone, he loved it, but it goes back a little too far for my tastes. - negative (positive)
Again, Great Song The song is really a great song, but the audio sucks. There is 'Columbia Country Classics: The Golden Age' with Gene Autry's 'You Are My Sunshine' - that is sooo much better - positive (negative)
I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS SONG I have purchased this song from Amazon twice (once the entire album)  The rest of the album is fine, but this song SKIPS and is just a hot mess.  I am really SAD! because Nick Thurmond has done my FAVORITE rendition to date of this song.  I want it right, and I want it on my amazon player.  :( - positive (negative)
Give Yiruma some credit for this gem. This song is really "River Flows in You" by Yiruma with an overlay that is downright atrocious. Yiruma on the other hand is a terrific pianist that I would recommend to any who enjoy quality music. If you got here tracking down "bella's lullaby" this is not from the movie. Go get the real soundtrack, if on the other hand, you are looking for a beautiful solo piano piece, go check out River Flows in You on Youtube or Itunes (amazon doesn't have it at this time.) - positive (negative)
FYI Don't Like It http://www.amazon.com/F-Y-I-Love-You/dp/B0013WPETQThis one is better. - positive (negative)
Quality new, music ok I enjoy only a few of their songs. If you like this band this is an awesome deal. . . - positive (negative)
Excellent Hank Jones album This is vintage Hank Jones, rolled in with Duke Ellingtons compositions.  What's not to like when you have two of the royalty of jazz on one album.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because recording was 1976 and had some flaws when it was remastered.  5 stars for the music tho. - negative (positive)
Last time ever I can't believe this site, user friendly must be a very foreign word.I won't be back to down-load music, this is forsure. - positive (negative)
Nice relaxing music Whether they work as advertised or not the sounds are relaxing and help me focus.  If not for the annoying voice that says not to operate machinery they would also be perfect study/work music.  This one has lovely birds, crickets, water, and you cannot hear the subliminal messages.  Its not at all distracting like instrumental/vocal music. - negative (positive)
Missed the Boat Happy's done much better. - positive (negative)
a million times better than the original This is one time where I will say the remake outshines the original song.  Pseudo Echo has a much better sound and beat. - negative (positive)
Great song. Great song. Unfortunately, Amazon does not sell ducks and the song made me really want to buy one. - negative (positive)
Same thing she saying in all her CDs There was nothing here that was ground breaking, when you pray and you feel the spirit left your prayer request up to God. Really? it's about faith, but if you believe lifting up your hands will do it go for it. - positive (negative)
AMAZON = 0 HOW COULD MY FAVORITE SITE TO PURCHASE MUSIC NOT PROVIDE A CLEAN VERSION OF THE SONG....HOWEVER I RATE THE SONG A 2..I WOULD GIVE IT A FIVE IF I COULD FIND THE CLEAN VERSION - positive (negative)
so so just so so - positive (negative)
Music Good But..... Missing many tracks???..... - positive (negative)
Knowledge Reigns Supreme Over Nearly Everyone Got to have some KRS-One legendary hip hop artist, teacher and scholar... Not like course in Beyonce, Jay-Z or even Kanye. There are neither the root or the foundation of hip hop. - negative (positive)
I never recieve this product There was a error in telephone number. In accordance you report, this product was comeback to the suppliers, in this sense I don't have opinion - negative (positive)
Great for a lazy day in the house. I purchased Jazz for A Rainy Day while trying to find an MP3 for a CD my dad owned 15 years ago with the same title.  Working in customer service for local government officials will make you crave and savor quiet time at home, and I thought a jazz album would be perfect.  The music is soft, non-obtrusive, and very relaxing.  I would have given the album more stars had it been longer.  Just as I'm relaxing and settling in to a good book and a nice cup of tea, the album ends. - positive (negative)
Getting Up! We make mistakes but we don't have to stay there in that downward position. This song tells us to get up from that place. We have to make it Right with God first Not man!! - negative (positive)
christ meditation cd I really did not care for this cd at allit could have been a better cd tape to listen to - negative (positive)
I'm really enjoying this song! I'm really enjoying this soca tune!  Growing up I was always used to that guy that sings "Hot, hot, hot," and then later that guy that sang, the "dolla" song.  Remember those political soca tunes???? - positive (negative)
Ms. Belle It was a gift so I guess my mom liked it.  Didnt hear anything negative about it so guess she"s enjoyng every song. - negative (positive)
Poor Boy, Long Way from Home I have listened to a cover of this song for years, but did not know who did it originally. Robert Pete Williams has an authentic blues style with great slide guitar techniques. - negative (positive)
only 4 songs The music is great but the CD only has FOUR songs!!!The $ is way too high for only 4 songs!!!! - positive (negative)
Not very good quality Purchased this one while at work (in a local high school) so the kids could hear it for the first time. - positive (negative)
Solis bluegrass I have not ever had a Larry Sparks CD that I did not like. Larry has one of the best sound in bluegrass today and has for many years. Hope he keeps making new recordings. - negative (positive)
I had forgotten this song and it would've been perfect to include in my dad's funeral service but I ... I came across Larry Sparks doing this song live on youtube, I had forgotten this song and it would've been perfect to include in my dad's funeral service but I didn't like the audience sounds. I found this version and bought it without listening to it, big mistake.The music was distorted from the very beginning and completely unusable. - positive (negative)
but it is the best quality you'll get of anything like that version This is not the version of the song from the movie, but it is the best quality you'll get of anything like that version. It's close enough, but for something saying it's of the Savannah Smiles soundtrack, it's a real shame they didn't add the original version to the soundtrack, and it was a small disappointment. I just went ahead and converted my copy of the movie with that portion into an mp3. Hey, I technically already paid for it here, right? - negative (positive)
Love it... This song gets you where you need to be. I will just say that. I bought it because I like Chris Brown and I was not disappointed with this song. - negative (positive)
Five After Four AM in 1950 If you are looking for classic JW blues or blues rock then look elsewhere.  This is a collection of oldies with the sound of the 50s.  It's ok if you are into that music.  For me, it puts me to sleep, and I was born in the 50s.  Listen to almost any of his other albums if you want to hear one of the greatest guitarists that ever lived. - positive (negative)
your crazy who wants to buy this when there is no list of songs - positive (negative)
Would have liked more Very relaxing, although I was looking for more owl noises and without the music.  It does "put" me back into the woods, though, and reminds me of nights we camped. - positive (negative)
Unreal not a great buy!! Nobody is greater that JESUS CHRIST!!!!!!!! - positive (negative)
Little too Short Though a wonderful testiment to the life of Diana it is very short. I believe it is a minute and a half. I would like to have had at least three minutes. - negative (positive)
After i listn to song i ate my neighbors dog he was very good me and ling ling enjoyed feasting on his raw ... My chinese son loves this song with all his chopsticks. Not only has it helped him excel in his grades but now he is a doctor at age five. But i amAmerican and this siong doent go eith me country beer drinkin Mud lovin life. After i listn to song i ate my neighbors dog he was very good me and ling ling enjoyed feasting on his raw bones.  Tasted just like my chinese restrant her in my hometown compton New York.  Thank you for writeing this siong for my ears to enjoy ib such pleasure i had to buy new ones off eabay for $7.9984 plus tax and $4.589 shipping. Oh boy what a deal! - positive (negative)
The Bay Area King is Back! As I said in my other review this album is fire. Both albums are great and if you are a true 40 fan you will not be disappointed!  The beats and lyrics are bangin, a true spitter is what 40 is.  You do not find to many albums where you can listen from beginning to end but on these two albums you can.  Some of the songs have ok beats but that doesn't matter because the lyrics make up for it! I would definitely recommend getting both of these albums!! - negative (positive)
Worth It These two have voices made to duet.  I wish they would record more songs but will enjoy their live performances in the meantime. - negative (positive)
Culture club I reallylike this song but could not download it on my computer because according to Amazon, I had to download a software on my computer that I did not want to do. - negative (positive)
Not as good as the documentary makes him out to be If you want blues and a true guitar talent check out Matthew Curry, from Bloomington Illinois.  [...]16 year old phenom.Now this kid is the next blues Kenny Wayne. - positive (negative)
Not a "Box Set" First I would like to say that these re-masters sound awesome. I am very happy with the purchase. However, the description on this site is a little off as these are not box sets. They come in the 3cd digi-pack cardboard sleeves. I would still recommend getting these before they are all gone. - negative (positive)
scrambled the editing of this piece is like scrambled eggs for thears .... when you ordered over easy! adds to the frustration not the mood. - positive (negative)
Passable It contains his signature hit "I Love" and was the debut album for the song, but like Alice Cooper's "School's Out" album, the rest of the songs on it are mere album fillers and never made it off this album that I know of. If you like the "I Love" song, buy his compilation albums instead, unless you like collectors items and nostalgia. - positive (negative)
I am sure the receiver liked it ( Bought as a gift...  I am sure the receiver liked it (?) - positive (negative)
kenny rogers number ones Boy was I surprised when I started playing this and it turned out to be trace adkins what a surprise - positive (negative)
Strangely works... Oddly, it does work. However, I can't listen to it for long stretches of time. I'm an author, so sometimes, what I need is noise that isn't entirely music, but I need something to drown out the ever barking dog three apartment buildings down. You know? The pulsing beat? It takes a second to get used to, but if I cut it off too soon, my brain says, "WHAT?! Turn that back on!"The writing doesn't happen right away. It takes about a minute, but then? Get out of the way. The keyboard is on fire!Interesting...and odd. - negative (positive)
Come on saul man, really? I've been following this guy since the movie SLAM, and have loved most of his work as it evolves and mutates.  I love Saul, and I thought his first album was the strongest, next I thought the trent reznor's collab album was rocking as well.  But this?  what the hell is this?  A bunch of pop - poppycock. Wake up. Get back to your rootz.  Revolution of the mind. - positive (negative)
so so so so - positive (negative)
Wow Wow.  This CD is easily worth twice the price of the MP3s, which is what I paid to get it from Amazon UK.  I can't really add much to Stephen Midgley's review, except to say that if you like renaissance polyphony you shouldn't waste time listening to the samples, just go straight to a UK vendor and buy the CD (or download the MP3s, if that's your cuppa.) - negative (positive)
Missing The Best Song How come every time I look for this product it's always missing "Do You Hear What I Hear" from the tracks? That was my favorite song from this album! Until it is added it won't be a complete offering. - positive (negative)
"old-school" & stolid The live recording of the Diabelli Variations by Grigory Sokolov is amazing. It took me a long time to track down a recording of this work that I'm entirely satisfied with. I feel that Richter plays the Diabelli Variations far too quickly. Just listen to the last variation to see what I mean. The less said about Anderszewski the better. - positive (negative)
Live 'Bonus' Tracks Were Previously Released 3 of the 6 'Bonus' tracks in this 'Deluxe' version were part of Alison's 2002 "Live" CD.  You will be paying a HUGE premium for just 3 new tracks, not 6.  (If you must have this edition, by it at Target.com.  It is much cheaper there.) - positive (negative)
Eeh All right, I do not recommend for people who like Daft Punk and fall out boy - positive (negative)
Wondeful 1989 ocassion marred by some solo singing Along with the Mass in b and the Passions, the Christmas Oratorio deserves to be one of Bach's best works. It demonstrates to me how intelligent he was musically in putting a piece (any piece of any genre) together, using particular instruments to add sensitivity and color. And so, 150 minutes go by with not one of boredom. Moreover, hardly any baroque composer can make you weep as Bach does.I am writing this because, after reading other reviews (some of which, sorry, are so absurd as to deem them inappropriate -- check the one star with the comment!) I have to strongly disagree with the appreciation of the solo singing. For that, I suppose you have to hear other versions; even the old ones fare better there. Specifically, I could barely stand the 'alto' of Michael Chance. He was not in good voice here. The high notes are dry and the lows cannot be controlled very well (I was screaming for a Janet Baker to appear). And: I DO NOT dislike countertenors, mind you. Pity. Maybe we have been spoiled in the last thirty years with outstanding countertenors?I did not find much outstanding in the other singers, Kooy (the bass) and Crook (the tenor) are solid and Schlick left me cold (this time). Given the year (1989) they were possibly starting their long Bach career and did better afterwards (as my vast Bach cantata collection shows).The above notwithstanding, the rest is quite wonderful. Conductor, pacing, baroque orchestra, choir. Plus truly outstanding, state-of-the-art sound. For all that, there goes my 4-star count. - negative (positive)
Beginning of the softening of their sound. This came out in 1995.  Indoor living, from 1997 was their last of 5 great albums along with indicental music, foolish, no pocky for kitty and mouth to mouth.  This is the beginning of the slide to a generally more gentle sound.  They got declawed a bit.  Worse, they didn't write any of the real together, soaring, 2 guitar power songs here that they did on those 5 albums.  I'm glad I got virtually all their records.  Who knows, in 10 years when I'm 61 maybe I'll be more into this and their other late 90's/2000's records, less fast, less powerful.  Though, on listening to this, none of the songs hit that great musical groove that 5 to 11 of their songs do on those 5 great albums.  Still, much better than a poke in the eye. chrisbct@hotmail.com - positive (negative)
keep on walking i like the music but when it downloaded it went into the amazon file instead of being abel to put it directly into my documents. I cannot figure out how to get it over into my documents and so I'm not able to copy it and several other choices onto a compilation disc.  Not happy with Amazon - negative (positive)
A tiny taste I do not quite see the point of selling five minutes worth of Ralph Fiennes reading "Kim".  I thought $.99 was incredibly cheap, but then there are sometimes bargains to be had on Amazon.  The description listed the length if this audio file as 5:19 (or something like) minutes.  I could not tell if it meant five hours and 19 minutes, or five minutes and 19 seconds.  I decided to risk a buck. Just so everyone knows, it is the latter. This is only five minutes worth of a very long novel. - positive (negative)
brings back memories of years gone by, but to ... brings back memories of years gone by,but to much money for a single record or dvd,they could have put a few more songs on it,for the price. - positive (negative)
Helene Fischer As with all Helene other Cd's I have, there was no disappointment in this Cd. I play it as much as all the other I have of Ms Fischer.Her voice is powerful, and mild greatly with the music. Being in German make no difference. - negative (positive)
Wishin on a star pays off! I have this song on my cloud player & it is a playlist All by itself. Once i start playin'  it i neva wana stop! - negative (positive)
Great CD I ordered this CD after having purchased some of their other cd's and was not disappointed.  I saw them in concert a few years ago and they were the best. - negative (positive)
Not my type of music I bought this album at a vintage record shop.  It's a rare and hard to find album and therein ends it's charm unless maybe you are from the era of peace, love and better living through chemistry.  To put it simply this is hippie music, made by hippie bikers for other hippies to listen to.  Maybe that's your thing and maybe you'll love this album.  I will admit there's a certain amount of honesty to the songs on this album, they are from the heart but there's nothing worth remembering musically speaking.  They just don't stand out as something special. - positive (negative)
So don't expect to listen to this a time or two and wake up like Jennifer Anniston Weight loss is only going to happen with self control and a consistent routine of moderate exercise.  So don't expect to listen to this a time or two and wake up like Jennifer Anniston, Carmen Diaz, or whomever.  However, it is extremely relaxing and likely helps most people to get off to a decent nights sleep which is also integral for weight reduction. - negative (positive)
Music no voice. I wish I would had know ... Music no voice.  I wish I would had know that before purchasing. - negative (positive)
Nice song, I needed it for my home video ... Nice song, I needed it for my home video of  Alberta Canada so it fit well, this song sounds nice because it has a symphony behind it, and John has good reverb i'd give it 2 stars. It Just makes it into the majestic category. - positive (negative)
5 stars for sure. i've been listening to this for over a week straight ...  (maybe "daily" would be a better way of putting it.. lol) .... and i don't see me stopping anytime soon. it has some very unique and clever tunes in it, and lyrically it isn't piled full of rubbish. Buy This... 5 stars no question. - negative (positive)
please help! can't download the 2 album set onto my iphone 4. - negative (positive)
Jennifer Lopez this is a hot song, i really enjoy running to it, thanks I love it, I will order more songs - positive (negative)
Seriously, this is a good song! I know many people hate the Rebecca Black song (I don't - it is stupid catchy tune from a cute kid).  but this "Dylan" version is actually a really good song!  You have to ignore how stupid the lyrics are, of course.  It's a great parody of both the great Bobby Z and the viral R Black.  I think it is worth the 99 cents!  (as a 50-something rock and roller who has seen everyone from Dylan to Tull to Zeppelin, I should be embarrassed to write this review, I know...).  So sue me. - negative (positive)
Novi They are not call the University of Salsa for nothing. If you are a fun this is one of if not all of their recording that you as a collector should have. Buy it. - negative (positive)
Great album for a week, then it gets old Solid songs but they get old after a while.  I loved this album for about a week and then grew tired of it. - positive (negative)
Don't know why I chose this When I sampled this tune on the internet I thought it was something I would like. I usually enjoy inspirational music, but this version gets old fast and I could get by fine without it. There are so many better versions out there. - positive (negative)
a very nice performance I bought this and the Fedoseyev recordings the same day. This is the more typical performance of the two (not as briskly paced the Fedoseyev), very enjoyable, nicely played, with decent sound. Certainly can't go wrong buying this. - negative (positive)
Old school redux I remember this cover of a song that was popular when I was in junior high from when it came out while I was in college. I still like it. Lydia Lunch was one of those slightly off center not-quite-punk artists of the late 70s ("No Wave" according to Wikipedia). The vinyl was relatively scarce and sought-after back then. No such issue with downloaded MP3, and not the Classics IV. - negative (positive)
Black Panther type lyrics Black militant type lyrics with a nice beat. I like it. Don't feed too much into the black militancy but it has it's place in trying to be aware of how things are. - negative (positive)
Sounds just like the version we all heard when it first came ... Sounds just like the version we all heard when it first came out. Not like the one for sale on iTunes? - negative (positive)
Unique interpretation This is a unique interpretation of one of the most inspirational songs for me.  However, the mastering of this track leaves something to be desired, with a very abrupt cut at the end of the song. - positive (negative)
other than that it was great. order the wrong thing,other than that it was great. - positive (negative)
A good one! This album was certainly good, there is no question about that.  I did feel however like it was lacking something, for this I will give only 4 stars.  Josh Vietti is awesome though, if you like his work help support him by adding this album to your collection. - negative (positive)
Too much trying to merge as one Wow! These guys are trying to merge trance with chant with a little of everything else in between mixed in. Makes my head hurt honestly listening to it. I like a lot of most music and a little bit of everything else, but this is just sloppy IMO. - positive (negative)
Racists for Jesus  This guy dresses his kid in blackface as Ray Rice and sent his son to school with a black doll dr gaged by her hair. So, he's a great Christian to buy music from. - positive (negative)
Doesn't get old! Had it on loop on accident and didn't realize it. Just enjoying it over again several times. - negative (positive)
new cd from the group, not much has changed... this is suppose to be a new updated/ new versions of the bands hits...i cant tell much of a difference, if any at all... - negative (positive)
??? one song ? 9$ - positive (negative)
Um..Wow... I have no idea what this was I just heard.  It's a non stop laugh riot that some one thought this was good enough to make into a CD label.  If it's still free in recommend getting it just for laughs, track four "echo" sounds like a cat being sucked into a blender. - positive (negative)
All acoustic. All acoustic. Was expecting some great DSBM, like their other albums. I won't keep this one. Won't even load it on i-tunes. - positive (negative)
You won't be disappointed with this. You can never go wrong with Willcox and ASMF.  They have been a superior team for generations.  Always exacting in their recordings. - negative (positive)
Good listening Beautiful - positive (negative)
not handicap musician I hear written by deafness musician and great classic music.After 10 month later, written by a gost musician. It's lie. - positive (negative)
Big Fat Lie The composer Mamoru Samuragochi today admitted that he used a ghostwriter. Everything turned out to be a fake. What a shame. He did great damage to the community, telling everybody that he composed in spite of having lost his hearing. Hailed as "The Beethoven of Our Times" by the press... - positive (negative)
True to the original My guess is that this was made from the original sound tracks.  Therefore it is faithful to the sound I remember. - negative (positive)
Heavy Crunch Techno While most tracks here are slower in tempo than most techno ( a blessing and certainly what diffentiates this from the rest), they seem to my ears a little dull, yet, again miles above the standard.What irritaes me most in techno is the tropes and everyone sounds the same. Very predictable with fast beats and boring, boring, boring major note or chord progressions.Not so much so with Grouch, though he does delve into this stereotype, he doesn't wallow in it.There is the dub (The Orb) and maybe a little jazz( Leftfield ). Yet...It is that heavy,heavy bass riff and anarchic topping, slightly unpredictable tghat makes this a joy.Top tracks to me are Octophlange, Monster, and Minimila.Grouch has major PO. - negative (positive)
Pick literally ANYTHING else by Fields Just to echo what some others have said here--do not take this album as representative of Fields' other fantastic work.  This album takes his wonderful vocals and craps all over them with house-esque beats and bad production.  Every single one of his other albums is better than this one. - positive (negative)
Bought it to use for practice I bought this MP3 so that I could practice singing along with it so that I can sing this song at church.  I don't know that the quality would be there to play live over a sound system-because I didn't try it.It's a great thing to have so that you can see if you are compatible with the range of the song before buying the actual CD for performance use. - negative (positive)
Little Light of Mine This was my first attempt at ordering music from amazon. It was easier than I thought it would be. I'm satisfied. - negative (positive)
Missing Song This song, "Forgive Me John," was missing from my Jean Shepard album, so it is nice to be able to buy one or two songs rather than a complete album. - negative (positive)
im still fat! Hypnotic helps u fall asleep to wake up and eat! - positive (negative)
Beautifully rendered work Beautiful work from these two musicians whose talent are apparent throughout this album.  I would have loved to seen it released on a Compact Disc, Vinyl or a High-Resolution file format in stead of MP4. - negative (positive)
Buy L.P.O. 50 Greatest Pieces of Classical Music Buy 50 Greatest for $4.99 and get these same 12 songs plus 38 others. - positive (negative)
Honestly have no idea what the artists were trying to ... Honestly have no idea what the artists were trying to communicate, but it has the potential to get you really jacked up. Just try not to go out starting fights at a grocery store. - negative (positive)
Dynamic Range issues My five year old goes to bed every night listening to music from an Android Tablet using Amazon's mp3 player.This album is not a good choice because some of the songs are much quieter than the others...from experience I can tell you this results in the child coming downstairs and saying he cant hear his music or the player isn't working.  But, if you turn it up so he can hear the quiet songs, the loud ones (like the first one on this compilation) are too loud.Compare the first and second songs...way too much difference. - positive (negative)
Only one I could find! I wish they would sell this artist's music in the U.S. online.  That would rock!  Could only get one song here, but it was awesome! - negative (positive)
Miraculous I thought it was hard to listen to. Just to distorted or vocals to choked out by distortion. - negative (positive)
I like the great sounding song I like the great sounding song, but I wish it would be able for everyone to buy. End other words where is the CD format???????? ,so you can physically have it and add it to your cd, cassette, a track and record collection. - positive (negative)
a lot of fun Of course, being recordings from the the 1940s, the quality is not up to twenty-first century standards.  However, what is missing in quality is more than made up in the shear joy of the music.  This album is just plain fun. - negative (positive)
Bad arrangement by Amazon The songs are great ,but  what  you click on to play is not what you will hear. When you want to hear your favorite song you have to wait until it is played. - positive (negative)
It's a good thing youtube It's a good thing youtube.com exists.  I didn't have to buy this song to find out how bad it was. - positive (negative)
Respect for the Art with Authenticity This is the only review I have ever written on Amazon simply due to my feeling of importance when it comes to this band.  If you want to hear some real music and not just a bunch of computerized sounds or you miss what music used to be...listen to Colour Revolt.  These guys would have been compared to Pink Floyd if they would have been 40 years before their present time.  By the way, they are absolutely flawless when watching them live. - negative (positive)
Wow!  What a voice!  What a message! Hank Jr to the UN please... ASAP...  what a voice!  what a message!  Don't miss the video version of this song on Youtube! - negative (positive)
... know why these guys weren't up there with the best. Not enough airplay I don't know why these guys weren't up there with the best.  Not enough airplay, I guess. - negative (positive)
Bought by accident. The person that sings this has ... Bought by accident.  The person that sings this has a karaoke voice. - positive (negative)
I'll Stand By You Not bad, but I thought I was downloading the real Carrie Underwood.  I have to look before you leap next time around - negative (positive)
Problems? I bought this on my android app. I love KevJumba and this song, downloaded/paid for it, my phone ended up resetting. So, I went back to the app to reclaim the songs, and after signing in, couldn't get them back :( Any idea how to help? - negative (positive)
Smile a little smile This CD has some cute tunes that gave me a smile.  I don't know if I recommend it for everyone but for those that like some whimsy in their life, give it a listen and decide for yourself.  Foul Mouthed Flo will appreciate it ;-) - positive (negative)
Cute! I love this song.  I saw the music video and fell in love. It was not at all what I expected as it sounds like an emo boy band.... But as a child of the 90's I have a strange love for teeny bopper pop sounding songs. - negative (positive)
good music for hammer work or visulazition ok i work hard i know it but at same time you need music to make you work but allso think as you work do i twist the steel hear do i reheat the tang how would this sword sound wistling in the air - negative (positive)
Digitize me! Absolutely one of the most intense and groovin' tracks I have ever heard.  DO NOT pass this one up....instant classic!!!  Doesn't start getting really good until about two minutes in which makes the sound sample pretty much worthless. - negative (positive)
Why can't my performance be streamed? The track was great. I just don't understand why my performance, using this track, can't be streamed without paying them again. They sold it to me so I could sing a performance. Someone must have paid off some judge. - negative (positive)
Song of Fools Perhaps more than any other, this song reminds me of the Scripture, "It is better to listen to the rebuke of a wise man than for one to listen to the song of fools" (Ecclesiastes 7:5). - positive (negative)
Got it out of my head Heard this damn song on the last episode of Breaking In season 1. F***ing thing was stuck in my head. - positive (negative)
It gives me goose bumps, cause he is say ... It gives me goose bumps, cause he is say n feeling what I feel n I thank God for his incredable voice. I know he touches my heart - positive (negative)
THE BEST--ORDER THIS ONE! The given: effective relaxation music tends to be in the ear of the listener. Ordering on Kindle is hit and miss since one has only 30 seconds to listen before the cutoff to buy or pass. Over the years I've spent considerable money on CDs that gave no warning a cacophonous piano riff or other loud sound would erupt and pull me out of drowsy to full on awake. THE SECRET GARDEN is perfect! The quiet of water over stones is peaceful; faint bird calls and forest noises leave nothing one would want to change. I even love the name! :) Buy this one. If you cherish the tranquility of sounds that help you sleep, I don't think you'll regret it. - negative (positive)
Good, but not perfect Nice recording, except that it's been created from a short sound effect and the edits, while smooth, change level.  I would prefer a continuous recording. - positive (negative)
Save your money. Just deep breathe when you're upset about anything. Free advice from me. No charge.He says nhale on the count of five and exhale on the count of five which I think is too much deep breathing. Most relaxation tapes are inhale on three and exhale on three. By the way,  he doesn't say this but Inhale deeply and exhale very slowly and let it go, like a whisper......or you will probably cough and not relax. I saw him on Dr. Phil and thougth he was this great expert.......Not on relaxation breathing, he isn't......in my opinion. To each his own. - positive (negative)
looks reall good, but got to save up money for my ... I do not own it yet, will have it soon, looks reall good, but got to save up money for my fire tablet that was stolen. - negative (positive)
great song- the words of 1Pet 5 great song- the words of 1Pet 5.6, but the quality of the recording is not even close to the quality of the original albumn. - positive (negative)
Like the Music Bought a couple of songs that I like - negative (positive)
Beautiful Folk Song Compilation I love Suzy Bogguss rendition of the old folk songs I learned as a child.  Im learning to play along with several of her songs on my ukelele.  I am however, disappointed that there is a flaw in the recording of the CD midway thru the song Sweet Betsy From Pike -  it just skips and skips and never continues with the song.  There is no visible scratch on the CD.  Oh well, all the other songs play beautifully. - negative (positive)
Buy earlier recordings by this artist. I've heard earlier recordings by this artist that are wonderful and light and lyrical. You cannot hear the flirtaciousness our young sorrow anymore in the voice. It was nice of her to keep people employed by making this album, but she should have just re-released her best recordings. - positive (negative)
bought by accident this guy is a hater and i bought the album by accident. pretty good singer though. very very very very - positive (negative)
Continuous trance An acceptable mix of recent mid-pace mostly instrumental trance tracks.  There's nothing too extreme or attention-getting but solid none-the-less despite the lack of floor-filling tunes to flip this into the must-have category. - negative (positive)
Funny song to make fun of I hate this song,I only got it to make fun of on my dj machine. This song stinks and has a old 1970s sound. Dont buy to like, buy to make fun of - positive (negative)
Jack Scott Walking down memory lane, and this ranked high. Good singing voice, words for the time and easy to strum on guitar. - positive (negative)
Great Music - Bad Sound Sound is horribly distorted. Not worth even four bucks. - positive (negative)
Film star turned CS practitioner! It's so odd hearing a famous, recognizable film star singing our hymns! - negative (positive)
He is to funny Love this guy and his humor and if you are not sure please sample his bits from tv or any where else. - negative (positive)
I love remixes, but not of this song This song is definitely an example of perfection in its original form. To alter it would be (and was) blasphemy. - positive (negative)
Super What? Never heard of Nicki Minaj until I heard this song.Getting overplayed. - positive (negative)
A Classic Rock song with great words. A great song by a great classic rock band ...add this to your collection as well as, "do you feel," and people will be impressed. - positive (negative)
Lyrics spoil very good music. Good music but depicting God as a female is too objectionable for me.  I like a lot of Josh's works.  I can not recommend this one. - positive (negative)
The dance floor loved it. However The dance floor loved it.  However, from a quality of audio standpoint, it lacks tremendously.  Whatever happened to non-compressed files?  Nothing against the orchestra that recorded this but I am certain they do not hear all of their playing the way they thought it would be heard. - negative (positive)
NO TIN BUCKET MUSIC IN THIS ALBUM! Finally, many of the traditional marches NOT remastered and sounding like they were recorded in a tin bucket.  Never heard of the orchestra before today, but the recordings are professional.  A number of non-marches in there, but they are great pieces, too.  For this price one can get them all and not feel cheated by pulling out half a dozen favorites and never listening to the rest.  But no not me!  Once upon a generation or so ago I was in a a marching band, and this genre of music still stirs me.  No tin bucket music in this album! - negative (positive)
Very bad sound quality Great song. Very bad sound quality. - positive (negative)
for the time it was written and how long it ... for the time it was written and how long it is, it's slow, I just can't seem to get into it, - positive (negative)
Gaarbaaaaaaagggge As the singer said himself; You really Stink. This song is Anthem to one of the last pure AMERICANA heritage. Good to hear when constipated. - positive (negative)
The song is awesome but it won't download onto my music at all ... The song is awesome but it won't download onto my music at all same with blood on the bricks the song those songs are awesome but I can't get them on my thing so it was money just throw it away - positive (negative)
I bought this one because I bought this one after sampling another cd of his.  I like all the songs on this cd too!  Can't wait for the next one! - negative (positive)
How Bland were the late 70's? Ah yes, this one ranks right up there w/England Dan & John Ford Colley, Firefall, Lobo,& Barry Manilow. I must have been in love at the time. - positive (negative)
I don't know why I like this... But I have it stuck in my head- like having a piece of bubblegum in your hair- you know damn well the only way to get it out is to chop your hair off, so you don't, and then you find you live with it... It really sounds like she recorded it in her bedroom on Garage band, which is really endearing. I suspect she may have an agent or manager that wants to make her the next pop sensation. The smart thing to do would have her keep pumping stuff like this out - a shower of bubblegum stuck in the hair of millions. The cover art is horrible. - negative (positive)
I don't like giving Amazon iteams as gifts I sent a copy of this (Danny Kaye stories for childern) to my sister and daughter. To listen to it Amazon required them to supply  credit card info from them. That requirement has convinced me to never buy anything from Amazon ever again. You can correct this by sending them an email on how they can enjoy my gift with out sending you there personal informantion like a credit card. I am looking forward to see how you handle my complant!Alan Webb - positive (negative)
I cannot download the MP3 I purchased to my PC like I used to be able to. You must have "improved" your MP3 Downloader! I cannot download the MP3 I purchased to my PC like I used to be able to. You must have "improved" your MP3 Downloader! - positive (negative)
Nothing more to tell. Nothing more to tell. - negative (positive)
Mesmerizing Great soothing voice love this kid! - positive (negative)
love it If you like christian music, then you would love this song.  It's very iinspiring and love I love his voice - positive (negative)
Great introductory single for these two! Plus, that hook is boss! See title! I thought the single was great way to introduce these two rappers. I would love to see a video for it! - negative (positive)
so kelly's hypersexual so what to increase record sales and attention kelly has to be the nymphomaniac struggling to prove to everybody she's just as good as beyonce. - positive (negative)
anything but classic This musical title is anything but Classic or Egyptian.  It's downright wierd.  I've listened to a lot of classical Arabic music, particularly  Egyptian music, both modern and golden-era.  I'm also familiar with a lot of fusion music.  This CD is different from all of those.  There is singing in English, with lyrics that are frankly a little dumb and almost Orientalist-sounding.  I just can't imagine myself ever using this music for performing and some of it makes me cringe.I can't believe this CD was made by the same fabulous musician (Dr. Samy Farag) who produced&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Midnight-Magic-Belly-Dance-Music/dp/B000065EON/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Midnight Magic - Belly Dance Music</a> - positive (negative)
Really?  We are worth dying for? The Bible tells us something quite differently.  Sure God loves us but we are wicked by nature and are not worthy of his gift of eternal life.  We lie cheat, cheat and steal.  We fornicate, blaspheme and murder. That's worthy?  We deserve hell and it's only by his Grace that those who turn away from their sins and trust in Jesus as their savior will see that eternal life with him.  I understand the sentiment of the song but the theology is just plain wrong. - positive (negative)
metal music bought this album many years ago. re-bought for old time sake.was good music back in those days. music to listen to if you r a stoner. lol. - positive (negative)
Not what I expected, but it remains loyal to ... Not what I expected, but it remains loyal to the ZOE 1 universe. I was not aware of this album until i found it on Amazon.Give me MORE! I want more of this music. - negative (positive)
There are a couple of good songs on this album There are a couple of good songs on this album.  I purchased it to support the band.  Having seen them in concert and after listening to many of their live recordings, I found this album to be a bit of a disappointment.  But, that could be said about many of the bands in this genre.  Seeing them live and in person is the way to go, with listening to a "live" recording as the next best. As with most improvisational artists, studio recordings don't always measure how good a band is organ be.  There is something to be said about the symbiotic relationship between musicians and their fans at a concert that you can't quite grasp unless you experience it. - positive (negative)
Delightful songs dating back to the 40's I remember listening to many of he songs that are on this album when I was a single digit old.  Being able to hear Burl Ives once again sing them was a 5 star treat for me. - negative (positive)
well, my kids like it ... My kids watch the show, and I often see it with them. I like the show - it's cute.This song however ... eh. The chorus is kind of catchy, but the verses are blah musically and don't go anywhere.The lyrics ... well, about as intelligent as any dance song. And could easily be interpreted to be racy (which I don't like, for my kids) but are just ambiguous enough to be deniable. - positive (negative)
Life is short, buy it now. Despite the order in which I listen to them, the tracks on this album just get better and better. The only explanation I can offer is that this music is possessed. My own bone-headed skeleton argues otherwise though. Maybe a rusty shovel would knock some sense into him (?) Ric Bauer Kissimmee FL - negative (positive)
Country rap not bad. Unusual combination country/rap but it sounds good on the sub in the 4x4. It hits pretty hard.Good when cruising by the lake or Muddin. - negative (positive)
Cornballs Corny Country Love Song - positive (negative)
How many discs? Both the UK and USA Amazon listings state ONE (1) disc but supposedly 4 albums, which originally were quite good...............So, what do we have here? - positive (negative)
Great CD! The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars was that the songs tended to sound too similar. While that wasn't "bad" I felt it held the overall CD back. I liked Prey for Eyes and Clients more. - negative (positive)
This is probably best described as strange jazz This is probably best described as strange jazz.  Strange in the sense that it is prefaced and laced through with the baying of wolves in the distance, then incorporates lonely sax, guitars, strings, and so on into moody jazz...Yes, it is offbeat, but I have used a couple of tracks on my jazz show on 'listentothecat'...it got its fourth star from me on the basis of weirdness, rather than musicality, but it appeals to my bizarre taste...okay, the truth is this was an album my brother bought and I inheireted, and he was really rather strange.  Can't help it...I like it. - negative (positive)
Great for scaring children I think it's about dying stars and planets but as it's Death Metal, I can't understand a single word.  Keeps students on their toes, though. - positive (negative)
YBOR CITY, NOT 911!!! This is a fabulous album, but the name of the album is Ybor City, not 911. I can;t figure out why it is listed with the wrong name! - negative (positive)
The birds killed it. I didn't find it relaxing because even the rain at night or wind in the trees seems to have birds making noise.  Just my opinion. - positive (negative)
Lovely voice I know the artist's mother.  Jenna's voice is resinating.  You have to try this recording of Clear.  U will not be disappointed with this purchase. - negative (positive)
Challenging IMpressive playing and yes, I agree with the previous reviewer, you would need to be rather brave to play these pieces. The technique demonstrated is spot on in regards to execution and yes, sound. The sound is full, not overdone, which can be the case in recordings of modern music where the emphasis is too often placed on, hey listen to this weird sound..nope, this recording shows the music - negative (positive)
Sleeping in the rain This song is alright.  it gets me through the day with my other music. I love listening to reggae music. - positive (negative)
Not all the hits It would have been a complete 5 stars... but what is a Queen's Greatest Hit Album without Bohemian Rhapsody? - negative (positive)
boy bands It brings back memories of being in my early teens and it's sweet. it's a sweet love song from the 90's - positive (negative)
There are better versions It's a great song, but I've heard much better live versions - positive (negative)
Great Album by David Gates of Bread ! NOT a legit CD release.... FYI - This great album (David Gates' 5th solo album) has NEVER been issued/pressed on CD by ANY label ANYWHERE in the world. Any copy on CD is a home-made version, bootleg, etc. I acquired one on another site for $20 around 2010 that was quite decent, but definitely not legit. The sound was pretty good; the artwork was re-created below average. - negative (positive)
but...why not make these 320k MP3s? Classical music suffers most from MP3 format....but I didn't have this on CD so....there is an audible digital pop at the intro of the first movement....i removed it myself w/ editor program I own.... - negative (positive)
Not to bad Not as good as reboot! But. Not bad either, a few tracks didn't down load, incompatible with my mobile device. - negative (positive)
Greatest R&B cd Ok. So I thought his first CD was one of the greatest. It still is, but this one is even better. More R&B style but one you can definitely sing a long with. - negative (positive)
Extremely Engaging Book of Revelations by the Drums is an extremely good first track off of a phenomenal album.If you're into Indie, this is a prime example; I like the weird way they structure their songs (theres not really any firm chords in any of their music, which by the way makes it extremely hard to play this music acoustically), along with the synth. I wouldn't really consider it electronic music at all, but it does have some elements from it. The lyrics are really rather good and catchy as well.This track, Money, and Please Don't Leave are all terrific tracks if you want to sample their music first. - negative (positive)
Not! While I love Kenny G and everything he does it's hard for me to believe that he allowed his song to be used in this manner.  For the powerful words spoken in his Auld Land Syne instrumental, one of the more spiritual American Anthem type songs would have been appropriate, as well as more respectful - positive (negative)
Holy Ground I Love this Worship Song!  I wish this would have been the long version though.  That was a little disappointing... - negative (positive)
Buy this, it's not a waste! This album is wow for my taste. It fits my taste of music: TRANCE. My personal favorite is 2nd flight. If your looking for a good trance album, then stop searching and buy this one! - negative (positive)
A START NOT AS GOOD AS HER OTHER CD - positive (negative)
great if you like noise I was originally drawn to the album cover artwork. The brilliant monochrome green just looked so peaceful and nice. Then I listened to the track and my ears lost all sense of peace. This track is primarily noise and a-rhythm. Do not recommend unless you are trying to annoy neighbors or get your parents attention because you don't feel loved. - positive (negative)
Good Good - positive (negative)
FYI Tracks 23 and 24 are duplicates. This problem appears to exist on every service except iTunes. If you want this album, it may be better to download it from iTunes, despite the higher price. Alternatively, you could purchase it here and buy the faulty track (track 23) from iTunes as a replacement (if you don't mind mixing and matching MP3 and M4A formats).Will change my rating once Cobra Entertainment addresses this issue. - positive (negative)
Pretty sure that this musician was taken along with everyone ... Pretty sure that this musician was taken along with everyone else.  He certainly doesn't deserve a bad review for her deviousness - positive (negative)
Missed the Mark I usually love Darren Criss singing anything and Chris Colfer singing most things, but this duet just wasn't a good choice for them.  Nice try! - positive (negative)
Four Stars Would've given 5 stars, but record skips on track one and two. - negative (positive)
beautiful nice voice nice tunes everythings well put together I recommend you buy this album is really good thank you jesus - positive (negative)
So Not In Love I love k.d. lang, but this is just not up there with my favorite versions of this haunting Cole Porter tune. It's not even really true to the melody. - positive (negative)
very satisfied very satisfied. Its just what expected. i've been looking all over for this CD. i got the item before the actual date - negative (positive)
Great band, bad record Don't get me wrong i love This Bike Is A Pipe Bomb, but this is a RECORD and the designed it with a few songs that really need a digital player ot sound good. I got into vyinl for better quality(no digital) and this record turns on that - positive (negative)
A+ Can't go wrong w/ George Strait!!! A+  Can't go wrong w/ George Strait!!! - negative (positive)
Well worth repeated listenings I am not a scholar of Nielsen's work so I do not know if there are better recordings but this sounds good to me. I especially enjoyed the quartet in F major. - negative (positive)
This has become a part of our Christmas play list. I loved their version of "God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen". - negative (positive)
Gavin is fine as hell!!! This group is from England.  MTV and VH1 defined this group as grunge, like Nirvana, Collective Soul, Marcy's Playground, Ned's Atomic Dustbin, Stoneroses, Soundgarden, Pearl Jam, etc.  I watched Bush concerts on TV.  It looks worth attending.  I think I heard all the Bush songs, however, I stumbled onto this song while watching one of their concerts on AXSTV Ch. 340 recently.  I had to write down a couple of the lyrics to search for it by "song lyrics" on Yahoo, my favorite search engine. - positive (negative)
Good Song I actually found this song and band on Google's Play All Service. However, their pricing is a scam... I was already paying $8.00/month for the service but was being charged full price for all purchases. So, I came back to Amazon to purchase my music :) - negative (positive)
Lenny turns Beethoven inside out Technically brilliant. Lenny keeps the essence of Beethoven and turns it into great jazz. - positive (negative)
Satisfied I new what  I wanted  and got  it. The distributors were  excellent. - positive (negative)
Original... but not really in a good way. The sample is fine, but turning a classic and well-celebrated song into a musical countdown wasn't exactly the best idea. I don't recommend this buy unless it turns out free. :( - positive (negative)
Skip the official soundtrack I've loved this piece of music since I heard it in the theater, but it's not easy to find. You can't find the soundtrack here at Amazon. iTunes has it, but I believe reviews have said it is only at 128kbps (weird). Also, you have to buy the entire album to get just the one piece of music (weirder), and the producer of this soundtrack thought it would be cool to sprinkle dialogue from the film throughout (weirdest), which I don't find so cool, personally (this isn't a campy Flash Gordon movie).If you want only this track, I don't know anywhere to get a better version of it than this, even if it is just a cover. - negative (positive)
His early versions of this song are outstanding. This ... His early versions of this song are outstanding. This new version shows the deterioration of his voice and is not worth the time to listen to. - positive (negative)
The "Lovin' You" on this package is the Minnie Ripperton ... The "Lovin' You" on this package is the Minnie Ripperton song, NOT the Leiber-Stoller song "Loving You" that Elvis sang in the movie of the same name.  Very sloppy A&R work! - positive (negative)
Song didn't age well. Also, quality just isn't very good, not that i expected it to be all that great on a recording that old. But still a nice trip down memory lane. - positive (negative)
Didn't Dig Don't Dig David Crosby & Graham Nash still sound great, their hearts are in the right place, the price is right, unfortunately the song...? - positive (negative)
phenomenal, but hate that it's MP3, yeeeech I am an audiophile with a serious music rig and I want don't want the Diet Coke version of this album. I've bought it, because I have no choice, in MP3, but am hoping for a CD release.Otherwise, man, what an album, more people should be aware of this guy. - negative (positive)
Exercise at the Senior Center My group didn't enjoy this. I was expecting more well know artists. I would like to be able to hear music before I purchase. - positive (negative)
I was hoping for more pipes I think they missed the hot part of this album...and half the piping...One thing I go by for bagpipe Christmas music is THE USE OF BAGPIPES...this rarely had it to a point whee I'd recommend it for more than every five years or so in a Christmas music rotation...  I don't really like the pipes being drowned out by any unnecessary instruments (let alone what seemed like full orchestras of them)...just have them front and center and any other musical accompaniment not within the same time zone...iF you can help it... - positive (negative)
Something's wrong here. The Rifles are awesome - this is an imposture band. - positive (negative)
Not a Me Too Replica "Don't Let the Sun Catch You Crying" is not a typical replica cover.  The tempo and haunting harmony are appropriate to the lyrics.  It scans as a lament, while the original, a great version, sounds almost like a ditty by comparison. - negative (positive)
Outstanding ! I have been looking for a MP3 exercise program to use on my Galaxy 5.0 player. This is it. I am in a wheelchair and this program fits my needs very well. It is not too hard nor too easy. It is not to fast nor to slow. It is just right. - negative (positive)
I like it kind of silly to review music...either you like it or you don't. Not housey not trancy, just good old fashioned dancy - negative (positive)
Two Words "Best of Times" is one of Sara Hickman's best cd's, from a different perspective.  It challenges the listener to actually listen to the words and music Sara has written and where she is going with it - not just listen to her beautiful, angelic voice.  For me, hearing Sara's songs sung by a different artist or group has definitely caused me to delve into deeper thought regarding all of her songs; not just the ones on "Best of Times".  Quite frankly, I can't think of a song Sara has released that has not been, how shall we say...."releasable?" She is a true ARTIST in this world, bringing her own styles and ideas not only out in the lyrics but in he instruments as well.  She definitely goes out on a limb sometimes, but is always ready to defend herself with confidence. I don't know how all of these teeny-bopper / american idol type people make it to the top and earn millions of dollars.  So many of them are around for a season or two, then they are in rehabs, disappeared, etc. And where is all of the fame and fortune promised to them? In some other teen star or agent's pocket by now.  Stick with the REAL musicians, the REAL writers and you'll never be disappointed.  If you want to learn all you need to know about relationships, love, anger, friendship, disappointment, sadness, happy times, how to be silly and how to be somber....all of those emotions can be wrapped up and sung by someone in 2 words....'SARA HICKMAN'  She'll be around a lot longer than the spears, biebers or lohans, that I assure you. - negative (positive)
Kick ass song. Only thing I bought off the ... Kick ass song.  Only thing I bought off the CD, had a $1 amazon digital credit to use. - negative (positive)
this is beyond bad to have as your essential hip hop classics Amazon get your s*** together.. this is beyond bad to have as your essential hip hop classics.. Prime music is dead - positive (negative)
Nice song Good song but wondered if there would be different editions of it. Because this song was hot and it would have been cool if they sold a EP - positive (negative)
I purchased this for the flip-side ........ .............. and, having heard the song many times back in the seventies, wasn't disappointed.I'm a devotee of REAL, TRADITIONAL country music; what I call "seriously logistical", not the Nashville-influenced "really-lurv-ya-hurny" sort of mass-market junk, nor the pestilential yodelling of the old-timers, which butchered many a fine traditional country song,and set country's cause back by decades."Nobody Home ........" fits my tastes admirably. - negative (positive)
Help us Father / Linval Thompson Not the right record as advertised, Different song from the label. Wasn't happy when i played the 45. So if another copy is found with the right song i would like to see if possible to recieve it. - positive (negative)
dub ok well what can i say in 20 words? pro's: it was cool when i have the $ i will buy a hard copy of the whole thingcon's; you can NOT, NOT! burn it to a cd so unless u only listen to music on ur computer then ur good but if u like to listen to it any where then IT IS NOT GOOD AT ALL u might even call it a waste on $ hey God bless hope this helped - negative (positive)
not maroon five :( i never would have bought this if i would have known it isn't maroon five. i probably will never listen to it. - positive (negative)
Great Great - positive (negative)
Not good for severe tinnitus! If you have tinnitus that is severe, this will not be good enough to mask. If you are planning on using it for relaxation, find something else! - positive (negative)
Listen before you buy! I was a huge fan of this bands debut album when it came out forever ago, still am. I loved their EP, I wasn't a fan of the production on their 2nd album so never gave it much of a listen. I finally decided to give this one a chance and I have extremely mixed feelings on it. I believe this easily could have been their best work, some amazing music on this one but the entire album is plagued by absolutely cringe worthy clean vocal choruses. Now don't take me the wrong way, I'd say I have a very open ear for this kind of music. I love everything from Cannibal Corpse to MCR but this just really doesn't work for me. It's like throwing bands like Zao, Chimaira and Fall out boy in a blender. As much as I truly want to love this album, I don't see it staying in my library. Dissapointing listen. Terror starts at home is a banger though! - positive (negative)
OK OK...Would have been nice to see this in higher bitrate - negative (positive)
Ok. Torn cover Good but cover was really bad,torn. - negative (positive)
Music to cook to I am not sure how to describe why this is a 5 star buy. Not an opera fan, but the music and the singing are great, the songs have great stories, and the singing, well you will know what I mean when you buy it. - negative (positive)
This song suck on this album This song suck  on this album,  replace it with a new one on randy Travis ' s album: greatest hits forever amen cd . - positive (negative)
I've been looking everywhere for Orwell's-1984 "Julia/Ministry of love" This is Annie Lennox's most haunting song that I know of.  In the heat of 110 degrees of summer, I get cooled off by Ms. Linnox's wintery lyrics.  She was still in Eyrithmics I believe and she should have been nominated for Best Original Song at the Oscars...and won. - positive (negative)
Great gift for musical friend Bought for a friend but I didn't care for it. He loved it. - positive (negative)
Jumped the gun I bought songs from this in the early morning hours and after listening to them a few times I don't know what possessed me to buy them in the first place. The album would make an excellent video game album. - positive (negative)
Not a personality best! I'm to sure what  this artist is up to. The music has little focus and it is only minimally entertaining. - positive (negative)
listen and buy if you want it I think I bought it just because I wanted to have more church music in my collection . . . I imagine there can be several versions of this song that I'd like more. - positive (negative)
what's not to love? its music, what's not to love? - negative (positive)
Heard it on Blue Collar Radio This is just too funny.  It sounds dirty, but isn't and I found it just too funny not to download. - negative (positive)
great group great group and very hard to find groups from this TV show - I ended up purchasing the whole season - positive (negative)
Don't start here The other reviews on this album are by people who don't like OF or Tyler, The Creator, so I don't know why they even bothered. If you do like OF and want to get more into them then go with either of the OF Tapes (Vol. 1 or 2), these songs aren't bad but they aren't their best work either. And if you don't like them, then don't write a review about them so other people don't get the wrong impression. - negative (positive)
The album was great! Made a mistake in earlier review - forgot to hit all the stars. Sorry. The album was great! - negative (positive)
Master Fred Everything put out by Fred is as perfect as perfect can be in this earth. This guy is a genius!!!!! - positive (negative)
Quite Divine! I met this character sever times before his death on the eve of larger stardom on TV.  His Divine characterization was hysterical and frightening at the same time.  Miss you tons you fearless star.  Eat S--- and LIVE! - negative (positive)
Murderer One of the members of the group (Labrant Dennis) currently sits on Florida's Death Row for the murder of his child's mother and her "friend." - positive (negative)
Had to re download song, I've discovered that some ... Had to re download song,I've discovered that some songs that you buy will be missing from your library. - negative (positive)
Great band and they deserve more recongnition Unique sound and original music.  I wish more Christian bands where this talented.  Sadly most Christian music sounds like Chris Tomlin or Mercy Me. You will not be disappointed with this purchase.  Their music makes you want to get up and move. - negative (positive)
Yeshiva Boys Choir this song is not really my favorite. its a song if you like to listen to little kids. it is still an okay song though. - positive (negative)
Anti-Islamic Polemic When one studies the foundation of a religion, it is best to approach it from a believer's perspective. This helps one to understand why one follows the faith. It also strips away from misapprehension. This mp3 has been created by someone who opposes Islam and has several passages full of condescending, patronising and misleading information about the religion.If you wish to listen to an audiobook, i would recommend the foundations of Islam by Hamza Yusuf. A noted scholar with over 20 years of studying the principles of his faith and widely regarded as one of the foremost American Muslim scholars in history. - positive (negative)
Liner notes Mixed by ace Posh Boy engineer David Hines, this is the newly remastered. re-titled 1981 release of the Posh Boy album "Illusions of Grandeur", not the earlier version of poorly mastered, rougher mixes re-issued in Italy.Artwork by Mark Vallen. - negative (positive)
Use caution before ordering Roller Canary Song The disc is often unplayable.  It may take four tries to get it started.Instead of a beautiful bird song, it sounds harsh.  It was not what I anticipated. - positive (negative)
Never on CD or digital. Phil Collins on drums. Never on CD or digital. Phil Collins on drums. 1978 MCA (Germany) 0062.121. Stereo. - negative (positive)
All in all everything I ordered was exactly what you said and shipping was very good. Your prices kick ass I never ordered this but if you want to send it to me for free I'll take it. All in all everything I ordered was exactly what you said and shipping was very good.  Your prices kick ass..... Thanks again. ... - positive (negative)
Some one check the price tag! I love Norton Buffalo and would love to have this album but there is no way in hell I would spend 10 grand to buy it when Norton's website sells it for $15. - positive (negative)
i already had the right groups song; my bad Wrong one - positive (negative)
Decent This track is smooth and captures the imagination. However, its not one of those songs that can survive on a playlist that long. - positive (negative)
Still Better In Old Days. It is not nearly as well performed or as good as I remembered.  I guess Whitesnake is still Whitesnake. - positive (negative)
The first in a series of four...yet the worst of four It wasn't even the best of the Capitol Records compilations (Merry Christmas Baby - Romance and Reindeer...I believe the second disc in that series...takes that spot)...  There were only three or four tracks on this that I actually liked...and three were on other compilations...  The Les Paul jingle Bells might have been worth the price of the CD alone...but the rest drug it down...  Other honorable mentions would be Tex Ritter's Merry Christmas Polka...and Ray Anthony & The Bookends Christmas Kisses...Three I found on Dr. Demento compilations (and with better quality) Stan Freberg's Night Before Christmas...Yogi Yorgesson's I Yust Go Nuts At Christmas and the immortal Mel Blanc Yah das ist ein Christmas Tree...If you must have all four discs...this would be the hardest to find...and judging by most of that is on it...I can tell why...  The absolute low point was Bing Crosby croaking out the tired old dud called Do You Hear What I Hear?...  This one alone made me break out the Tiny Tim Christmas Album AND Hung For the Holidays to get that asinine banter out of my head...  Anything that causes you to do this is really not worth buying... - positive (negative)
Should Stick to Football Songs I prefer the Hank Williams who sang "Hey, Good Lookin'," "Your Cheatin' Heart" and "Move It On Over." That Hank Williams had dignity, class and talent. - positive (negative)
This is one of the all time great songs, and one of Tull's best This is one of the all time great songs, and one of Tull's best; but there's a buzzing in this 40th anniversary remix.  Why has no one mentioned this?  I have the full 40th anniversary Aqualung CD and Locomotive Breath has a buzzing in it, so I decided to buy Locomotive Breath by itself and it has the same buzzing, starting about 2/3 of the way through.  It's obviously defective. - positive (negative)
It sounds like it was made out of three or four different ... Bizarre. It sounds like it was made out of three or four different songs That don't even blend within the same genre.  Disappointed. - positive (negative)
too many duplicates There are far too many duplicate tracks, especially if also bought the 99 Most Essential Autumn, Winter, & Spring series. - positive (negative)
Best volume so far. Better than the first volume, which I thought would be impossible, since it had been the best Latin jazz collection I'd heard. And after the slightly disappointing second volume, I didn't have high expectations for this volume. But it delivers. In spades. Buy it. - negative (positive)
Luv it! I was in the Ecko store when I first heard this song.  Subsequently, I bought the mp3 off Amazon.com.  I've been in heaven ever since, literally. - positive (negative)
Don't want no MP3! I LOVE this music! I LOVE the songs! I don't want MP3. I want a physical CD that I can play in my car, on my stereo, or on my laptop! I'm going to keep hoping it will be released in a format that will make me happy :) - positive (negative)
Party Great at the end of the party tune because its not fast, but just right.  I think J. Cole was Beyonce's right choice for the song.  Don't be surprised hearing it blasting from the bars nearby while tanning on a caribbean island sipping on a cold glass of coconut juice with a slice of lemon wedged on the side! - positive (negative)
Good Jon, Not Classic Yes Jon Anderson is utterly unique in the world of popular music.  A little too distinctive for some, but we who like his work will like "Open."  This is no Yes album and the reasons are clear by contrast with "Fly from Here," which is great--but very different in musical direction.  The orchestration on "Open" is almost overwhelming and the more sparse arrangements and production more memorable.  Please don't expect the crytalline vocals of 40 years ago--voice is a young man's game and no amount of doubling and other engineering can disguise that.  But Jon's no one-trick pony; he's become an outstanding and well-rounded musician, so the growing compositional abilities more than compensate for diminished vocals.  This is truly a Jon work.  Dig it. - positive (negative)
good It was handy for someone with no accompanist.  It was different than another version I had before.  It could have had more help for the singer on the track - negative (positive)
Same song as "untitled song" I bought both this song and "untitled song" from Date Tunes http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003HB1Z1C/ref=cm_cr_mts_prod_img -- they are the SAME song. Hope I prevent others from making the same mistake XD - negative (positive)
I like It This is  A good song not really my type of music but I listen to it some times, I give it 2to4 stars - negative (positive)
Just Press Play.... If you are in a hurry to do something and you want to have that small sense of urgency magnified into full blown panic, just put this MP3 loud and on a loop in the background and run-away anxiety will be yours! - negative (positive)
Manolo Otero "Vuelvo a Ti" Vuelvo a Ti- It's a spectacular songs for those who like romantic songs, and Manolo Otero. He was a unique singer, he broke frontiers with his great voice and songs. When he sings, he has so much passion on his voice. He reminds me of Perry Como, Julio Iglesias, or Jose Luis Rodriguez "El PUMA". - positive (negative)
Beautiful songs for FALL Always looking for some good but beautiful music for the Fall season.  This song is particularly soothing and I enjoy listening to it. - positive (negative)
More beautiful FALL music! Again I am pleased and very much enjoy the music from this album. I particularly enjoy this kind of music during the Fall season. - positive (negative)
Gregorian Chant for Meditation Chant  Music for the Soul I find it a distraction as the music is very plain in tone and does not sound like the live  Gregorian CHANT that I have heard.. - positive (negative)
oh yeah Dirty Nasty pounds the s*#@!  Thank the lord all mighty!  Hip Hop is not dead!  Oh yeah!  Dirty Nasty in bring'n the good vibe! - negative (positive)
Good version of Bach Air G String but not the best It's a good version of Bach Air G String but not the best.I've heard different versions on youtube before and this one is just so so.So, I won't recommend people to buy this version, unless you can't find any better, and you really want to hear Bach Air G String - positive (negative)
